"Virtual" means never knowing where your next byte is coming from.
$HOME is where you hang your @.
A bad random number generator:  1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 4.33e+67, 1, 1, 1
A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.
A computer program does what you tell it to do, not what you want it to do.
A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.
A CONS is an object which cares.  -- Bernie Greenberg
A crash reduces your expensive computer to a simple stone.
A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click.
A list is only as strong as its weakest link.  -- Donald Knuth
A true Klingon Warrior does not comment his code!
A user and his leisure time are soon parted.
After enough decimal places, nobody gives a damn.
All computers run at the same speed...  With the power off.
All computers wait at the same speed.
Another megabytes the dust.
Any given program will expand to fill available memory.
Any program that runs right is obsolete.
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.  -- Rich Kulawiec
Artificial intelligence usually beats real stupidity.
Artificial Intelligence:  Making computers behave like they do in the movies.
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing!
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.  -- Conrad Weisert
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
Asking whether machines can think is like asking whether submarines can swim.
Back up my hard drive?  I can't find the reverse switch!
Backup not found:  (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic?
Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers.  -- Tom Lehrer
Best file compression around:  "DEL" = 100% compression.
Beware of programmers who carry screwdrivers.  -- Leonard Brandwein
Brain fried -- core dumped.
BREAKFAST.COM Halted -- Cereal Port Not Responding.
Breakthrough:  It finally booted on the first try.
Cannot find REALITY.SYS.  Universe halted.
CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..
Compatible:  Gracefully accepts erroneous data from any source.
Computer and car salesmen differ in that the latter know when they are lying.
Computer chips are so small because computers don't eat much.
Computer programmers do it byte by byte.
Computer:  A device designed to speed up and automate errors.
Computers are a more fun way to do the same work you'd have to do without them.
Computers are not intelligent -- they just think they are.
Computers are useless.  They can only give you answers.  -- Pablo Picasso
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
Congratulations!  You are the one-millionth user to log into our system.
CONGRESS.SYS corrupted:  Reboot Washington, DC?  (Y/N)
Counting in binary is just like counting in decimal if you are all thumbs.
Counting in octal is just like counting in decimal if you don't use your thumbs.
Dain bramaged, dore cumped.
Death is a non-maskable interrupt.
Diagnostics are the programs that run when nothing else will.
Disc space -- the final frontier!
Disclaimer:  Any errors in spelling, tact, or fact are transmission errors.
Don't byte off more than you can view.
Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.
Don't let the computer bugs bite!
Don't pay computer programmers too much money, it just encourages the bad ones.
Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.
Emacs is a nice operating system, but I prefer UNIX.  -- Tom Christaensen
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue.
Error, no keyboard.  Press F1 to continue.
Ethernet:  Something used to catch the etherbunny.
Every program can be reduced to just one instruction -- that doesn't work.
Every program in development at MIT expands until it can read mail.
Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.
Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop hacking and fall in love!
Excuse me for butting in, but I'm interrupt-driven.
f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.
Failure is not an option.  It comes bundled with the software.
Feature:  A bug with seniority.
File not found.  Should I fake it?  (Y/N)
Foolproof operation:  All parameters are hard coded.
fortune:  No such file or directory
Futuristic:  It will only run on a next generation supercomputer.
God is real, unless declared integer.
God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.
Hackers have kernel knowledge.
Hardware:  The parts of a computer system that can be kicked.
Help!  I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!
Help,MySpaceBarIsBroken!AnndMyBBackspaaceKeyyToo!
Hit any user to continue.
HOST SYSTEM NOT RESPONDING, PROBABLY DOWN.  DO YOU WANT TO WAIT?  (Y/N)
How an engineer writes a program:  Start by debugging an empty file...
How do I love thee?  My accumulator overflows.
How do I set my laser printer on stun?
How do you know it's an ENDLESS loop?
How long is this Beta guy going to keep testing our stuff?  -- Mark Roop-Kharasch
How much net work could a network work, if a network could net work?
How was Thomas J. Watson buried?  9 edge down.
I "upgraded" my computer to several levels above my head.  -- Ellen Goodman
I am a computer -- dumber than any human and smarter than an administrator.
I am still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.
I am the computer your mother warned you about.
I bet the human brain is a kludge.  -- Marvin Minsky
I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.
I haven't lost my mind; it's backed up on tape somewhere.
I must have slipped a disk; my pack hurts.
I smell a wumpus.
I still get goose bumps every time I override a method...  -- Harry Wiguna
I'm a firm believer in baseball bat therapy for computers.  -- Dan Gookin
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up.
If a program is useful, it must be changed.
If a program is useless, it must be documented.
If a train station is where the train stops, what is a work station?
If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.
If God had intended Man to program, we would be born with serial I/O ports.
If I had it all to do over again, I'd spell creat with an "e".  -- Brian Kernighan
If it was easy, the hardware people would take care of it.
If it's not in the computer, it doesn't exist.
In computer science, we stand on each other's feet.  -- Brian Reid
In God we trust; all else we walk through.
In the future on the Web, everyone will have 15 megabytes of fame.
It is now pitch dark.  If you proceed, you will likely fall into a pit.
It is ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?
It's a bad sign when you need a screwdriver to install a new operating system.
Keyboard:  The standard way to generate computer errors.
Kiss your keyboard goodbye!
Last one out, turn off the computer!
Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
Lisp Users:  Due to the holiday, there will be no garbage collection on Monday.
LISP:  To call a spade a thpade.
Login incorrect.  Only perfect spellers may enter this system.
logout
Long computations that yield zero are probably all for naught.
Machine-independent:  Does not run on any existing machine.
Mainframe:  The biggest PC peripheral available.
Managing software engineers is like herding cats.
Manual Writer's Creed:  Garbage in, gospel out.
Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.  -- R. S. Barton
Meets quality standards:  Compiles without errors.
Mental backup in progress -- do not disturb.
MIPS:  Meaningless Indicator of Processor Speed.
Mouse:  An advanced input device to make computer errors easier to generate.
My New Year's resolution is:  1024 x 768.
My software never has bugs.  It just develops random features.
Netnews is like yelling, "Anyone want to buy a used car?" in a crowded theater.
Never trust a computer you can't lift.  -- Stan Masor
Never trust a computer you can't throw out the window.  -- S. Hunt
Nice computers don't go down.
No line available at 300 baud.
No program done by a hacker will work unless he is on the system.
No program done by an undergrad will work after she graduates.
Obsolete:  Any computer you own.
Old mail has arrived.
Old programmers never die; they just branch to a new address.
Old programmers never die; they just GOSUB without RETURN.
On a clear disk you can seek forever.  -- Denning
One if by LAN, two if by C.  -- Paul Revere, as told by John Karwoski
One man's constant is another man's variable.  -- Alan Perlis
One person's error is another person's data.
One picture is worth 128K words.
Our mothers would be proud of us if we could explain to them what it is we do.
Over-computered is when you try to enter your password on your microwave oven.
Overflow on /dev/null; please empty the bit bucket.
Pause for storage relocation.
People who deal with bits should expect to get bitten.  -- Jon Bentley
Portable:  Survives system reboot.
Power corrupts, and PowerPoint corrupts absolutely.  -- Vint Cerf
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit.
Press any key...  No, no, no, NOT THAT ONE!
Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.
Program:  A magic spell that converts input data to error messages.
Programmers do it bit by bit.
Programming Department:  Mistakes made while you wait.
Programming is an art form that fights back.
Programming is an unnatural act.
Programming just with goto's is like swatting flies with a sledgehammer.
Protect your software at all costs -- all else is meat.
RAM disk is NOT an installation procedure.
Random access is the optimum of the mass storages.
Real programs don't eat cache.
Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?
Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
Revolutionary:  Disk drives go round and round.
Save energy:  Drive a smaller shell.
SCCS, the source motel!  Programs check in and never check out!  -- Ken Thompson
Shift to the left!  Shift to the right!  Pop up, push down, byte, byte, byte!
Smash forehead on keyboard to continue.
Software is to computers as yeast is to dough.  -- Chuck Bradshaw
Some programming languages manage to absorb change but withstand progress.
Southern DOS:  Y'all reckon?  (Yep/Nope)
Spelling checker:  Converts spelling errors into malapropisms.
State-of-the-art:  Any computer you can't afford.
Structured programming supports the law of the excluded muddle.
Supercomputer:  Turns CPU-bound problem into I/O-bound problem.  -- Ken Batcher
Swap read error.  You lose your mind.
Syntax error:  "Hello, I want to buy a computer and money is no object."
System going down at 1:45 for disk crashing.
System going down at 5 pm to install scheduler bug.
Systems programmers are the high priests of a low cult.  -- R. S. Barton
That does not compute.
The amount of clue on the Internet remains constant.  -- Evi Nemeth
The attention span of a computer is only as long as its power cord.
The code was willing.  It considered your request, but the chips were weak.
The computer is mightier than the pen, the sword, and usually, the programmer.
The determined programmer can write a FORTRAN program in any language.
The e-mail of the species is more deadly than the mail.
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
The hardest bugs to find are the easiest ones to fix.
The Internet is a logic-optional forum.  -- Marc Callier
The moving cursor prints, and having printed, blinks on.
The next generation of computers will have a "Warranty Expired" interrupt.
The original point-and-click interface was a Smith & Wesson.
The program is absolutely right; therefore, the computer must be wrong.
The steady state of disks is full.  -- Ken Thompson
The Tao that is seen is not the true Tao, until you bring fresh toner.
The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
The world is coming to an end...  SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!
The world will end in 5 minutes.  Please log out.
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
There must be more to life than compile-and-go.
There's no place like http://www.home.com.
This fortune soaks up 47 times its own weight in excess memory.
This login session:  $13.76, but for you:  $11.88.
This screen intentionally left blank.
This site was moved.  We'd tell you where, but then we'd have to delete you.
This system will self-destruct in five minutes.
Those who can't write, write help files.
Those who can, do.  Those who cannot, teach.  Those who cannot teach, HACK!
Thrashing is just virtual crashing.
Three things are certain:  Death, taxes, and lost data.  Guess which occurred.
To be, or not to be, those are the parameters.
To err is human; to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System.
To err is human; to really foul things up requires a computer.
To iterate is human; to recurse, divine.  -- Robert Heller
Too many clicks spoil the browse.
Unable to locate coffee -- operator halted!
UNIX is a nice place to live, but you don't want to visit there.
UNIX is very user-friendly...  It's just picky about its friends.
Unprecedented performance:  Nothing ever ran this slow before.
Upgrade:  Take old bugs out, put new ones in.
Variables won't; constants aren't.  -- Adam Osborn
Virtual memory is for weenies!  -- Seymour Cray
What boots up must come down.
What do computer engineers use for birth control?  Their personalities.
What this country needs is a good five-cent microcomputer.
Where the system is concerned, you are not allowed to ask "Why?".
Why do we want intelligent terminals when there are so many stupid users?
Would YOU pass a Turing test?
You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.
You can't make a program without broken egos.
You can't teach a new mouse old clicks.
You depend too much on computers for information.
You forgot to do your backup 16 days ago.  Tomorrow you will need that version.
You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!
You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.
You have junk mail.
You know it is going to be a bad day when you forget your new password.
You might have mail.
You never finish a program, you just stop working on it.
Your email has been returned due to insufficient voltage.
Your fault -- core dumped.
Your password is pitifully obvious.
[Unix] is not necessarily evil, like OS/2.  -- Peter Norton
A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.
A fault tolerant system must report the faults even as it tolerates them.
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.  -- Laura Creighton
A low level language is one whose programs require attention to the irrelevant.
A paperless office has about as much chance as a paperless bathroom.
A successful tool is used to do something undreamed of by its author.  -- Samuel Johnson
Abstraction is achieved by data hiding and enforced by encapsulation.
Actual usability is inversely proportionate to apparent user-friendliness.
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.  -- Frederick Brooks
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
All the simple programs have been written, and all the good names taken.
All you need to know is the user interface.  -- J. Redford
An algorithm must be seen to be believed.  -- Donald Knuth
An infinite loop is OK as long as you don't get stuck in it.
An operating system without virtual memory is an OS without virtue.
Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.
Avoid GOTOs completely if you can keep the program readable.
Avoid the Fortran arithmetic IF (or better yet, just avoid Fortran).
Avoid unnecessary branches.
Bad style destroys an otherwise superb program.
Bad tools result in bad software.  -- J.L. Marsh
BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.  -- Seymour Papert
Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.
Choose variable names that will not be confused.
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.  -- Gilb
Computers talk to each other worse than their designers do.
Computers... are not designed, as we are, for ambiguity.  -- Thomas
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming.  -- Brian Kernighan
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
Don't comment or patch bad code; rewrite it.
Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.
Don't diddle code to make it faster; find a better algorithm.
Don't document the program; program the document.
Don't stop at one bug.
Every bug you find is the last one.
Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer's personal itch.
Every program is either trivial or it contains at least one bug.
Everything should be transparent to the user.
Expert systems are built to embody the knowledge of human experts.  -- Rich Kulawiec
Favor object composition over class inheritance.
Garbage in, garbage out.
Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow.  -- Eric Raymond
Good programmers know what to write.  Great ones know what to rewrite.  -- Eric Raymond
I do not fear computers.  I fear the lack of them.  -- Isaac Asimov
I suppose when it gets to that point, we shan't know how it does it.  -- Alan Turing
If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.  -- Schryer
If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.
In the long run, every program becomes rococco, and then rubble.  -- Alan Perlis
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
It wasn't as easy to get programs right as we had thought.  -- Maurice Wilkes, 1949
It's easy to get lost in the details of an incorrect implementation.  -- Tom von Alten
Know Thy User.
Let the machine do the dirty work.  -- Elements of Programming Style
Machine independent code isn't.
Make input easy to proofread.
Make it right before you make it faster.
Make sure all variables are initialized before use.
Make sure comments and code agree.
Make sure your code "does nothing" gracefully.
Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.  -- David Gries
Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.  -- Steinbach
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.  -- Jackson
Never write software that anthropomorphizes the machine.
Never write software that patronizes the user.
New technology becomes salable three years before it becomes usable.
New technology becomes usable three years before its users become competent.
No extensible language will be universal.  -- T. Cheatham
On the Web, understanding the medium matters more than controlling the layout.
Performance is easier to add than clarity.
Plan the system for change.  -- Frederick Brooks
Program to an interface, not an implementation.
Replace repetitive expressions by calls to a common function.
Smart data structures and dumb code works a lot better than vice versa.
Software is best understood as a branch of movie making.  -- Ted Nelson
Software is mind work.  Having the right frame of mind is essential.
The best packed information most resembles random noise.
The computer is the Proteus of machines.  -- Seymour Papert
The computing field is always in need of new cliches.  -- Alan Perlis
The less time planning, the more time programming.
The Macintosh was the first personal computer good enough to be criticized.
The number of UNIX installations has grown to 10, with more expected.  (6/72)
The purpose of computing is insight, not numbers.  -- Richard Hamming
The wise person writes bomb-proof code.
There are always at least two ways to program the same thing.
There are never any bugs you haven't found yet.
There can never be a computer language in which you cannot write a bad program.
There is no problem that, when programmed just right, isn't more complicated.
To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program.
Try not to let implementation details sneak into design documents.
Undetectable errors are infinite; detectable errors by definition are finite.
UNIX is many things to many people, but it has never been everything to anybody.
Use free-form input where possible.
Use GOTOs only to implement a fundamental structure.
Use IF...ELSE  IF...ELSE  IF...ELSE... to implement multi-way branches.
Use text for text and images for images.  -- Paul Martz
Watch out for off-by-one errors.
When a program is being tested, it is too late to make design changes.
When we write programs that "learn", it turns out we do and they don't.
You don't have to know how the computer works, just how to work the computer.
